{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AdobeClean-Light;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Kristine Jensen}}\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale125
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Convince Your Boss Letter\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \
To:	\
\
From:	\
\
Subject: Attending Adobe MAX 2016 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dear (insert boss\'92s name)\
\
I\'92d like to attend Adobe MAX, The Creativity Conference, from November 2-4 in San Diego. MAX is the annual gathering of over 9,000 creative leaders, designers, developers, strategists, video pros, and photographers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Here are the reasons I\'92d like to attend and the ways our organization could benefit:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 
\b I\'92ll learn from the experts
\b0  \'97 MAX sessions and labs are taught by the best in our industry. I can attend sessions that are directly related to the job I do and I\'92ll learn from real-world case studies of success.\
\
\'95 
\b I\'92ll get inspired to produce better work 
\b0 \'97 I\'92ll be exposed to new ways of thinking about our projects and see some of the coolest, boundary-pushing work out there. \
\
\'95 
\b I\'92ll become more productive
\b0  \'97 I\'92ll get hands-on training to learn new tools, techniques and product features that streamline my workflows and allow me to work more quickly and efficiently \'97 saving time and money.\
\
\'95 
\b I\'92ll learn more about the creative industry
\b0  \'97 At MAX we\'92ll be exploring ideas around how creativity is changing the world, and the role that our company can play in this creative economy.\
\
\'95 
\b I\'92ll learn from my colleagues 
\b0 \'97 MAX attendees come from organizations (small and large) from all over the world. I\'92ll be able to exchange ideas and get solutions to the challenges our organization is facing.\
\
I believe MAX is worth the investment. It\'92s the one conference where I can learn about industry trends, get exposure to new products and technology, and kick start my creativity all at once. \
\
You can learn more about MAX at max.adobe.com.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
}